
Dwayne Johnson Lyrics
"Can I Get A Chee Hoo?"
(from "Moana 2" soundtrack)

[MAUI:]
Haha, here's the thing

You're down in the dumps, you think you're way off your game
But you can turn it around, come on, remember your name
Don't waste all this energy 'cause you got the remedy
And I know your legacy, ah
You've got greatness inside, and you just gotta believe
You think you don't have the tricks, but they're right up your sleeve
These waters are threatening, but you bring the reckoning
So drop all the fear and the questioning

I need a, can I get a chee-hoo?

Who are ya? Who are ya? Who are ya gonna be?
You're gonna, you're gonna, a-make some history
Come on-a, Moana, go get your destiny
Can I get a, can I get a, can I get a chee-hoo?
You gotta, you wanna, you need to level up
Go show 'em, go show 'em, tell 'em enough's enough
Come on-a, Moana, go get your destiny
Can I get a, let me hear a, can I get a chee-hoo?

Here's the deal, that bullying storm god skips leg day for real
Can you imagine the legend this epic voyage reveals?
You think that it's doomsday? To me, it's just Tuesday
You know I don't come to play, come to play
And you're clever, I never give you enough credit
And under pressure, you measure up, you even taught me a lesson
Heh, I'm not surprised, you learned from the best
Takes a whole lot, but count me impressed
Can't give up now, you got me invested
Not many humans that I call a bestie

Chee-hoo!

Who are ya? Who are ya? Who are ya gonna be?
You're gonna, you're gonna, a-make some history
Come on-a, Moana, go get your destiny
Can I get a, can I get a chee-hoo?

It's my turn to give a motivational speech
It's your job to finally practice what you preach
Because of you, I'm a better me
And I didn't even think that was a possibility
You got me out of mess after mess, demi-god in distress
But now the roles are reversed, you're bein' put to the test
It's fine 'cause we gotta plan for breakin' the curse
And even though odds couldn't be worse
I'm making a bet on the bravest and greatest of wayfinders l've ever met

[ENSEMBLE:]
Who are ya? Who are ya? Who are ya gonna be?
You're gonna, you're gonna a-make some history
Come on-a, Moana, go get your destiny

[MAUI:]
Can I get a—? 'Cause I need a, let me hear a chee-hoo
You gotta, you wanna, it's time to level up
Go show 'em, go show 'em, tell 'em enough's enough
Come on-a, Moana, go get your destiny
Could I get a—? Let me hear a chee-hoo
Moana, come on-a, unlock your destiny
Let me hear ya, make 'em fear ya, can I get a chee-hoo?
Come on-a, Moana, go find your destiny
Can I get a—? Let ma hear a chee-hoo 